We identified and fixed a stability issue in the .htaccess module (v2.4.4, Feb 12 build) that could cause OpenLiteSpeed worker processes to crash when serving error pages (403, 404, 500, etc.). We recommend updating immediately.

Update Now →
What Happened
When your server returns a 4xx or 5xx error response, the module's header processing function was called before certain internal variables were fully initialized. This caused a crash (segfault) in the OLS worker process. OLS automatically restarts the worker, so your server stays online, but the repeated crashes waste CPU and can cause brief request interruptions.

The Fix
The updated module now skips header processing for error responses entirely — error pages don't need .htaccess header rules applied anyway. The fix is a simple, safe guard that eliminates the crash completely. We've deployed and verified it on our own infrastructure with zero crashes since.

How to Update
If you installed the module via CyberPanel, upgrading CyberPanel will automatically pull the fixed module. To update manually, visit our module page for installation instructions:

cyberpanel.net/cyberpanel-htaccess-module →

How to Check if You're Affected
Run this command to check for recent OLS worker crashes:

grep "child process with pid.*exited with signal 11" /usr/local/lsws/logs/error.log | tail -5
If you see "signal 11" entries, your module is affected. Updating will stop these crashes immediately.

Why the .htaccess Module Matters
If you're not yet using the module, here's what you're missing:

✓	Seamless Apache migration — Your existing .htaccess rules work instantly on OpenLiteSpeed, no rewrites needed
✓	PHP configuration via .htaccess — php_value and php_flag directives that were previously impossible on OLS
✓	WordPress brute force protection — Server-level blocking of wp-login.php and xmlrpc.php attacks, faster than any plugin
✓	Less than 0.5ms overhead — 98%+ Apache directive coverage with zero noticeable performance impact